Limiting token count in parse phase to prevent DoS (#1210)
absinthe-graphql/absinthe: guides/complexity-analysis.md

# Safety Limits

A misbehaving client might send a very complex GraphQL query that would require
considerable resources to handle. There are two variations of this problem:

- Complex queries that overwhelm resolution resources.
- Extremely long queries that could take considerable resources to parse. 
(For example, an attacker could craft a long query including thousands of 
undefined fields or directives.)

Either of these could be a vector for a denial-of-service attack in any GraphQL 
service. Absinthe includes mechanisms to protect services each of these.

## Complexity Analysis

> In order to protect against queries that could overwhel scenario, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect against queries that could overwhelm available resources, the
```

Author: Whoops, not sure how that happened! 😵‍💫 Thank you!
